and why why is this a favorite comfort
this is that my dad loved to cook for us
my dad passed away about three years ago
but he loved to cook and this was one of
his favorite meals to make especially
when my sister and I were living in
California we would come all the way
across the country to come home there's
my dad when my husband David that was at
her wedding shower in Atlanta which is
where he brought us a copy of the New
York Times cookbook and that for him
that recipe in the book was always the
basis for his beef Burgundy or is he
preferred to say bull bull genome
because he liked to say it in French
there is cooking in my in my kitchen in
San Francisco with the red cabbage so in
honor of my dad we're making boeuf
bourguignon this morning winter new to
me and I do speak French and my sister
looking friend very well so we have a
big love for all things French in my
family this is got French wine in it
they can't don't know which is why we're
each starting out with a glass of wine
because my dad would also recommend
perhaps having a glass of something as
you're cooking it certainly can't hear
okay as we would say in France first
you're gonna start with your meat so the
first thing that you're gonna do Tom
sorry I'm giving you the wine of making
you put it down right you want it you
want to salt and pepper it right on both
sides and one little trick I learned
from our good friend Bobby Flay you let
die hi hi when yourself it's sugar salt
and pepper this liberally all right you
do it on both sides and the interest of
time on television then you take it
you're gonna put it in a bag with about
a third of a cup of flour cuber a bunch
I would do but several at a time
otherwise it would take you all day get
him in there what you're gonna do is
shake it around cook them really well
and that what you would do what Lester's
already involved in okay I've been doing
we cooked a little bit of bacon in the
pan and one of my well-loved registering
something here yep and then after you
take the bacon out in that bacon grease
a little extra olive oil you start
browning the meat so we've got some
Brown here so Lester once it gets brown
you want to start to take it out so
we'll take it out and put it in here and
you want to try to leave some of the
juice in here as you take the meat out
and that's because we're gonna use that
to get a little bit more flavor from the
from the rest of the dish I'm just
moving in here my friend having a place
to them just love I don't know
so we take all the meat out and then
you're gonna take some brandy here okay
this goes into the pot and you're going
to deglaze the pot supporting kind of
slowly and then the whole time the
Brandy's in there
you just want to scrape up those yummy
Brown ah okay and so this will take you
up a couple of minutes and this will
actually turn into a nice lovely sort of
creamy concoction as you're getting all
these bits together it's gonna burn off
a little bit yeah so what we would do
then is we'd put some mix them in with
the meat what we're gonna do now is and
then what would be left in the pan would
kind of clean off the pan a little bit
we're gonna modify it for TV add some
butter and olive oil okay and then
Dylan's gonna put the vegetables in
we've got leeks we've got onions carrots
put it all in what happens that tomato
paste tomato paste is coming after so
we're gonna put our vegetables for a
little bit then you would add in the
tomato paste okay leeks and garlic leeks
and garlic you're gonna cook it all down
till it's really soft then we would put
the meat and the bacon back in along
with a number of different herbs and
spices so we had I use ground cloves bay
leaves a lot of time a lot of parsley
you're gonna throw in we would put it
put in deep stock yes but you know we're
actually gonna do going to move down
here in the interest of time so put all
these things in cook it for 20 minutes
throw in the oven for about an hour you
saute some onions and some mushrooms
dill and we throw those mushrooms in
adament at the end give it a good mix
I'm gonna steal the spoon and voila you
have beef Burgundy it's a party it's a
very hearty meal and one of the best
things you can do is make it a head I
actually made mine on Tuesday I froze it
for friends who are coming over so
dinner okay freezes beautifully so we're
gonna take at a position and just to let
you know you can find the recipes online
along with a little bit more about my
awesome dad speed at today.com
up next we have more from New Orleans
and we're gonna have breakfast